[TASK] Overhaul module chapter (#1167)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-Typoscript: Documentation/TopLevelObjects/Module.rst

namespace. By convention settings should go in the subsection
:typoscript:`settings`.

..  code-block:: typoscript
    :caption: EXT:my_extension/ext_typoscript_setup.typoscript

    module.tx_myextension_somemodule {
        settings {
            enablesomething = 1
        }
    }

..  _tlo-module-options-extbase:

Options for Extbase backend modules
===================================

> Most configuration options that can be done for Extbase frontend plugins

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most configuration options that can be done for :ref:`Extbase <t3coreapi:extbase>` frontend plugins
```

    :caption: EXT:my_extension/ext_typoscript_setup.typoscript

    module.tx_somebackend_module {
        view {
            partialRootPaths {
                100 = EXT:my_extension/Resources/Private/Partials/Backend
            }
        }
    }

..  index:: module; settings
..  _tlo-module-properties-settings:

settings
--------

..  confval:: settings
    :name: module-settings
    :type: array<string, mixed>

Here resides all of the settings. These settings are
available in the controller of the backend module as the array variable
:php:`$this->settings`.

Example: Limit pagination in the backend
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Show 25 news records in the backend module of the news extension:

..  code-block:: typoscript
   :caption: EXT:my_extension/ext_typoscript_setup.typoscript

   module.tx_news {
      settings.list.paginate.itemsPerPage = 25
   }

Example: Register YAML file
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Register your :doc:`typo3/cms-form:Index` configuration for the backend via TypoScript.

..  code-block:: typoscript
    :caption: EXT:my_extension/ext_typoscript_setup.typoscript

    module.tx_form {
        settings {
            yamlConfigurations {

>                 100 = EXT:my_extension/Configuration/Form/CustomFormSetup.yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                # Use the current timestamp as key to avoid accidental overwriting
                1712163960 = EXT:my_extension/Configuration/Form/CustomFormSetup.yaml
```
